Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Kevin!
What are you doing?
Smoking the weed
that I found hanging over the door.
That's mistletoe, silly!
Oh God, well, whatever
this strain is called,
it's uh... it's pretty weak!
I mean, it's getting me there,
halfway there.
So my friend Millie invited us to
a little Christmas Eve party tonight.
Uh, Millie?
Yeah. My friend who died
in the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire.
She died on her period.
- I've told you about her!
- Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
I remember who she is. Yeah, she's great.
I just... I don't know, Sue.
Like a ghost party?
I, like, I deal with
ghosts all day every day.
The last thing I want to do is hang out
with them off the clock.
Wow.
- I didn't...
- You know what?
Don't bother coming to the party.
You're off the clock.
Merry Christmas.
Come on, Sue.
I don't... Ugh.
It's the mistletoe talking!
Well, at least I have you.
Fuck you, dude.
What?
Yo, this is Tyson.
Leave a message.
For real!
Hey! Hey playa!
Uh... hey Tyson. It's Pac.
I'm, uh... I'm just looking
to score some drugs, you know?
Like, maybe some drugs that can help
with emotion sickness?
Actually, just any drugs will do.
I can't pay you in cash,
little bit strapped,
but maybe I can pay you
in, like, admiration?
Or uh, maybe I have some frozen pizzas?
You like frozen pizzas, don't you?
Never mind.
Holy shit.
Santa?
Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho!
Boo!
Yo, yo, yo! Merry Christmas!
- Merry Christmas.
- Where's your dude?
Oh, um. He couldn't make it.
Ah, well, his loss. This party is gonna be
off the motherfucking chain!
- Really?
- Yeah!
Okay, so the girl who died here yesterday,
the one whose party it is?
She is pretty rad.
And my pilgrim buddy Chaz is coming,
and this chick who died on 9/11
who is hilarious.
You're gonna love her.
- Nice!
- Oh, holy shit!
Did you hear about the food truck accident?
What food truck accident?
Oh my God. Let's just say
that James McAvoy is a maybe.
- What?
- Yeah!
Oh my God. I'm dying.
So is he!
What's the matter, young man?
Surprised to learn that Santa is a ghost?
Uhh... quite frankly,
I would be more surprised to learn
that he was alive.
Ho-ho-ho-ho!
Good one!
But it's the truth.
I've been a ghost this entire time.
Bull-fucking-shit.
Ho-ho-ho!
Language!
Hey, fuck you, man.
There is no Santa Claus.
There never was, okay?
And you wanna know how I know?
I'll tell ya!
I was a little boy in the orphanage
and the older kids told me
that if I was really good,
I could ask Santa for
any present in the world.
All I wanted was a candy bar
called Spirit Chocolate Crunch.
It had a little ghost
cartoon on the wrapper,
which appealed to me as a child medium.
It also had nougat and tasted like
what I imagined parents smelled like.
When I found my present,
I was so happy I could have cried!
I immediately shoved
the whole thing into my mouth.
Needless to say, it was not chocolate.
But why did you eat it?
Didn't you smell it first?
I had a cold that day.
But it was unwrapped.
I know. I know! Okay?
I know. Don't you think I know that?
It doesn't matter. The point is,
Santa failed me.
Well, I'll go to the store
and get you another candy bar.
You can't! You can't
because they discontinued
Spirit Crunch 25 years ago!
Well then, I'll get you
a different candy bar!
I don't want another one!
I want that one.
All right! Fine!
Fine, fine! Just stop already.
Jeez.
I'm not actually Santa.
My name is Gary, Gary Poquette.
I'm just a regular guy
who used to dress up as Santa
every December at the Fairfield Mall.
There. Now, you happy?
No, actually, I'm a little more sad.
But that's why I'm here.
'Cause I want you to deliver that present.
Yeah... I'm not gonna do that.
Oh, I think you will
if you ever want to see
your precious weed again.
My heartache medicine!
No!
Ahhh!
Herro?
Oh.
Oh, that's so fucking good.
Huh... hi?
Can we help you, bro?
What... what is this?
What are you guys?
We're a brotherhood.
A brotherhood of Santas.
A Santahood, if you will.
I most certainly will not.
Hey, take it easy, guy.
This is a safe place, a secret society
where Santa enthusiasts can gather.
What the fuck is a Santa enthusiast?
We're just regular bros
who dig dressing up as Santa Claus
for various Santa-centric holidays
throughout the year.
Uh, like Christmas?
Uh, yeah, that's definitely one example.
All right, hey bros, I... I just
wanna drop off a present,
maybe finish the milk...
Whoa, whoa, sorry, bro.
You can't leave presents here.
Brothers only.
Okay. All right, well, you know, I'm in.
Hey, how do I become a brother?
Newsflash, brah.
You can't just choose to be a member
of Sigma Alpha Nu Tau Alpha.
Yeah, dawg! You gotta get initiated.
Okay, dawgs! So initiate me.
All right, bitch.
Welcome to pledge.
Oh boy.
Thank you so much for inviting me, Millie.
I'm having such a good time.
Yay! I knew you would.
- Good peeps, right?
- Yeah!
Truth or dare, bitches!
Let's get this shit started.
Oh my God, Sue.
Have you played truth or dare as a ghost?
How is it different than
regular Truth or Dare?
Uh, remember the anonymous phone call
that led to Watergate?
- Yeah.
- Ghost dare.
- What?!
- Yeah, I know!
You have to play!
Okay?
Hi.
Fuck you!
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell you
about the fraternity. I
just didn't have time...
I had to get that present
delivered by tonight.
What are you talking about?
Oh, they're not gonna like that.
- Gary!
- All right!
Look, before I died,
I was a member of this
Secret Santa Society,
until one of my brothers
stabbed me in the back.
Right in front of my face.
All right. What happened?
Well, it was last year's
Secret Santa Gift Exchange,
and everything was going really well
until Santa Juan opened his gift.
- What was it?
- It was the vagina wallet
I had given Bill the year before!
The vagina wallet?
Yeah, I found it on Etsy?
Looks like a vagina; it opens...
Hey, that's not the point!
The point is that Bill regifted my gift.
Do you have any idea what
that means to a Santa?
It is the ultimate slap in the face.
Who the hell are you talking to, Neophyte?
Oh well.
There's the fat, four-eyed fuck now.
No one.
Let's get one thing straight, grinchface.
We do not need you.
You need us!
And you're gonna demonstrate
how much you need us
by going through a series of tasks,
each designed to push you
to your physical, mental,
and holiday spiritual limits.
Do I make myself clear?
Sure, yeah, sure!
Nog me!
Let's do this shit.
Naughty.
Nice.
Awanata, truth or dare?
Okay...
- Dare.
- Okay.
When James McAvoy gets here...
Oh, you guys didn't hear?
Oh, McAvoy pulled through.
- Oh no!
- Awww.
Okay, um, okay, then I dare you
to go in the corner
and kiss that weird guy.
Me?
No, wait, truth!
- No!
- No backsies!
- Awww. Fine.
Ay, Chihuahua.
Hey Scrooge Nuts?
You really think we're gonna let you in?
You're freaking worthless.
You're more worthless than Rudolph
before they realized
what his nose could do!
You're doing great, by the way.
Keep it up, bro.
Now sing, you son of a bitch!
Sing!
♪ Silent night ♪
Ow! Fuckin' ♪ Holy... ♪
Oh! ♪... Night ♪
♪ All is calm... ♪
Oh!
♪ All is bright ♪
He's ready!
The Santa Claus.
USA!
Way to go, Pac!
We're in the home stretch.
- Of what?
- My revenge on Bill?
Oh yeah. Right. That.
Do you think we still need to do that?
I don't know, do you really want
your heartbreak medicine back?
Come on, bro!
I got a stocking with your name on it!
That just says Santa.
Well, I guess you're one of us now.
Oh, fuck.
Sue, is it true that you're dating a solid?
Well, I mean, he's a medium,
so it's, like, not a big deal.
Uh-huh. How's the sex?
It's fine.
Okay, do you use a condom?
Or does he, like, jizz through you
onto his own face?
Excuse me, um, I'm just gonna go
freshen up my aura.
Welcome to Secret Santa, bitches.
You all know how this thing works.
Every gift under the tree
has one of our names on it,
and that's it. That's how it works.
All right, this gift is for...
Santa Dylan!
All right!
I wonder what it could be!
Is this some sort of fuckin' joke?
This gift is clearly over
the ten dollar spending limit,
a monumental violation of the rules!
Who bought this present, yo? Who?
That's it.
I'm checking the list.
Check it twice.
- Bill.
- What?
I didn't buy that present.
It's your name, dawg.
Suck it, Bill.
See what life's like on the outside.
You know what this means, Bill.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What... what are you doing?
I brought that gift.
My brothers, I gotta tell you something...
I'm a medium, and I'm here
with the ghost of a former Santa
named Gary Poquette. Okay?
He's the one who made me bring that present
to bring down Santa Bill.
Bring me down? Why?
Because he's mad at you for regifting
the vagina wallet he gave you.
Hold up!
This was a regift?
Of course not!
Wait, Gary thinks I regifted
the vagina wallet?
Yeah, bro.
You mean this vagina wallet?
What the hell?
I didn't regift anything.
I love this present.
Every time I open it up
and the little lady is staring up at me
every time I buy a Power Bar!
I just wanted to share that experience
with my bro.
I just wanted to be the guy who knew
how to get the perfect present.
When I thought that Santa Bill
had regifted the vagina wallet,
I began to question my
whole purpose in life.
But now I'm finally free!
Thank you for that gift, Pac.
Hey.
I'm so sorry about Sean.
- He's an asshole.
- No, he's not.
It's just... maybe
they're all right to laugh.
I mean, a ghost dating a solid?
It's stupid!
How can I be in a relationship with someone
if we're not even on the same plane
of existence?
I guess it all just depends
what you're looking for.
I just wanna date someone who I can feel
without having to be
in someone else's body.
You know?
It's just been so long since I...
- Since I've...
- Felt?
I... I... Millie, I...
Sue, I really like you.
I really like you, too.
Truth or dare?
Dare.
I dare you to kiss me.
I've never been with another ghost before.
Sue?
Kevin?
Sue! Hey, Sue.
I need to talk to you about tonight
after you left.
The fuck are you doing?
Oh shit, I didn't...
I didn't realize this was gonna be
like a, like a whole thing.
I would've prepared
something a little more,
I don't know, rom-comy?
Like, uh...
No that's... that is stupid.
That's a complete rip-off.
- What do you want?
- Listen, listen Sue!
Tonight after you left
I met the ghost of Santa Claus.
Not the real Santa Claus,
calm down.
Just a mall Santa named Gary Poquette.
But, but I went on this crazy journey
where I, like, pledged a Santa fraternity,
and I became part of, of a gift exchange,
and I thought I was gonna,
like, learn something
about brotherhood, or, like, Christmas,
or, like, believing in
things, but I didn't.
I didn't learn about any
of that goddamn stuff.
All I got was this weed
and this old chocolate bar.
Oh, worst make-up speech ever.
Hey screw you, man!
I... I'm going somewhere with this. Just...
Kevin, what are you doing here?
Okay, look.
I'm sorry about what I said earlier,
about you and ghosts.
I didn't mean that. Okay?
That was bullshit!
I just, like... I was upset.
I was upset 'cause of the whole sex thing.
And you know? I was getting scared,
I started to question...
I started questioning us!
And that scared the shit out of me.
And I know we haven't exactly had
the best of luck finding a sex vessel,
but Sue, tonight, I think I did it.
I think I finally found
the perfect vessel.
An old candy bar?
What? No. Oh, no. Sorry.
Me!
How's it feeling?
It's good.
It's really fucking good.
Why is this weed so fucking good?
This can't be good for me.
- What?
- Huh, nothing, nothing.
Nothing, it's kicking in.
Okay.
Oh my God, it's kicking in.
This is the sweet spot.
You ready?
I think so.
Oh my God.
Kevin, are you here?
Yeah I'm here, I'm here.
Oh my gosh!
I can feel everything.
I know, me too.
I can feel you inside of me.
Oh my gosh.
Okay, let's do this.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org